Add Magical Items/Gadgets pages (#117)
Slimefun/Wiki: pages/Flask-of-Knowledge.md

The Flask of Knowledge is part of the [Magical Gadgets](https://github.com/Slimefun/Slimefun4/wiki/Magical-Gadgets) category.

> This item can be used to store 1 Level into it and you are able to collect that 1 level at any point. It is also used as a crafting material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This item can be used to store 1 level of experience into it and you will be able to collect that level at any point. It is also used as a crafting material in some recipes.
```

> This item can be used to store 1 level of experience into it and you will be able to collect that level at any point. It is also used as a crafting material in some recipes.

Reviewer 2: It's not exactly fair to say you can collect the level imo, it only works as a normal exp bottle no matter what level you filled it at and certainly won't give you back a full level anyway. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
This item can be used to store 1 level of experience into it and you will be able to collect some back at any point. It is also used as a crafting material in some recipes.
```

Reviewer 2: (I know it's a bit picky sorry ahahaha)

Author: ```suggestion
This item can be used to store 1 level of experience into it and it will become a Bottle o' Enchanting which you can use to regain some exp. It is also used as a crafting material in some recipes.
```
